Add context of truffle commands (#12)
rsksmart/rsk-starter-box: README.md

Truffle has an interactive console that also spawns a development blockchain. This is very useful for compiling, deploying and testing locally.

> 3. Run the development console. This command is successful if you enter a REPL and see a 10 accounts, a mnemonic and the command prompt is now `truffle(develop)>`

Reviewer: What is a `REPL` ?

Author: [REPL is an acronym that means (R)ead (E)valuate (P)rint output (L)oop back to read step.](https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.0/repl)

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation!
I prefer to remove it, because it can scare newbies :)

> 3. Run the development console. This command is successful if you enter a REPL and see a 10 accounts, a mnemonic and the command prompt is now `truffle(develop)>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the development console. This command is successful if you see a list of 10 accounts, a mnemonic and the command prompt is now `truffle(develop)>`
```

* A function `set()` to change the number stored at variable `storedData`

> 5. Compile and migrate the smart contract to Ganache. Note inside the development console we don't preface commands with truffle.

Reviewer: @cds-amal 
I would not like use Ganache here, only Truffle.
The idea is test and understand in Truffle Development, and after do it directly in RSK network.
Is this ok for you?

Author: That's ok. no need to mention Ganache

```shell

> truffle(develop)> compile

Reviewer: I do not like to put the prompt in the text simulating the command line, because it take more effort to copy it. 
It is fast copy an entire line than copy only a part of it.
What you think about it?

Author: This is a judgement call you'll have to make. It's good to make a command easy to copy but when there are many commands a user can get lost and should have guidance on whether a command successfully executed so they know to proceed to the next step. An alternative would be to have the command by itself and then an image that shows the expected output.

Reviewer: I have a doubt: if I include images in the repository, I imagine that they will be downloaded in the `truffle unbox` command.
Do you have any settings for not downloading a folder which is inside the Repo, for example?

Author: Sure, you can [configure files and folders to ignore in truffle-box.json](https://github.com/cds-amal/rsk-starter-box/blob/5f2ef8e09764bb9ddd3be6c4e5e6001c2665c2cf/truffle-box.json#L2-L6)
